WHAT DOES IT guys and what can I say now in this video we'll be working up and decide OK we're going
to do some customization and then we're going to work for that.
OK.
So first of all we have to make sure that everything is ready.
You can see that we have to set up our home page.
OK and then we have to set up our blog page as well so I'm not going to set up my blog page you guys
already know how to set up a blog page OK.
But I'm just going to set up my home page.
OK.
So I'm just going to go to dashboard right now and then going to create a new page and that will be
my home page.
OK.
So I'm going to go to the home page and then I'm going to add new
and here I want to add the title of the page so the title off my page is going to be home OK.
I'm going to go down the content should be 100 percent full with.
OK.
And the margin should be disable.
And I want to title title here to be disable as well.
OK.
So now what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to publish my this page.
So you can see that my page just published and now I'm going to go to the settings right here.
OK.
So let's come here.
Let's go to
and I'm going to select a static page and my homepage is going to be home.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to save changes and again see that my home page is totally
done.
OK.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to come here and I'm going to view my web site.
So this is how my web site is looking.
I have nothing coming here.
OK what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to customize some things to make our website look free.
OK so first of all what we have to focus on is that we need to focus on the color combination and we
need to focus on the font to make sure that you use only one single maximum to font use one single fahn
for all your headings and use one single phone for all your conduct that is in sight.
You can choose different phones for your burdens but it totally depends upon you.
OK.
So then we have the next thing and that is the color combinations to make sure that you use only two
color combinations or three.
Maxim did not go beyond that.
OK.
Otherwise your site will not look good.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm going to go out into the you guys already know about it but I'm
going to go to General option.
So here we have the general styling.
I have the primary color in everything.
But first let me just go to my website.
Let's just come here.
Let's just close everything and let's create a menu so that we can edit the menu as well.
I'm going to go to menus right now.
Altikriti menu.
And then let's apply it.
OK.
I'm just going very much faster so that our time is saved and we know everything you guys already know
about it but same how.
I just wanted to show you everything just because so that you guys know everything and you guys can
practice it one more so that everything is so easy.
I'm going to add a home page.
I also won the sharp edge and the My Account page.
OK.
I'm going to add too many.
And I also need one more thing and that is my About page so I'm just going to add too many.
I'm going to go to the custom links and I'm going to hit this hashtag about so that we're not going
to read about you but I'm just going to I'm just doing it for to make my lips look amazing.
I also need one more.
And that is a contract.
So you already know how to create contact page.
So I'm not going to create it.
OK.
Here we go.
I'm going to bring it right here.
The shop should be here.
OK.
I'm going to save money.
And I also want to select this so I want it to be the main menu.
I'm going to save money and you can see in some of the teams they use primary and in some of the teams
they use me.
So do not get confused.
You have to select me.
OK.
And now let's have a look at our site and let's see how our website is looking so you can see that we
have everything up and running and we also have a shopping cart and so that is the functionality of
this e-commerce team that how amazing it looks.
So I'm going to I'm just going to go to the Customize right now let's just customize it let's just focus
on one single thing the color combination and then we're going to stick to it.
So I think I like the Blackfin.
I always use the Blackburne to all of remotes that you can choose blue you can use anything.
I used blue and I deal dot com that was the first our reps say that we created OK we use a blue theme
and this is also totally based on theirs.
OK.
So we use this we just wait the blue.
But you can see that I just use the Blackfin right below because I love the black color.
OK.
I'm going to go back.
I'm I'm here and I'm going to come here to Trindle options OK so we have general styling and then we
have the primary color the primary color mean botter color background Billing's and everything OK.
And then we have the general sendings page anation and everything.
OK.
I want to go to I want to go to Tabar first.
OK and let's design a tabard.
I'm going to go to Chancellery here and this is the enabler so I just want
the Condon Right here.
And then the content.
I need to enter that.
OK.
You guys already know what we use to enter.
And that is the phone numbers so for phone number I need to get that font.
Awesome.
I need to go to fun.
Ice awesome.
I like icons and I need to grab the phone for fun.
OK.
I'm going to search here.
Be all any way.
And here we have this so I need Foursquare.
I'm going to copy this.
I'm going to come back here and paste it.
And now here I want to enter my phone number so that is going to be
great.
I want to give some space here so it looks great.
OK.
What I have to do right now I need the e-mail address so here to add one more.
And in VSB way semi-colon one more.
OK.
And now any e-mail address so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go back and search for that e-mail.
Here it is.
Let's just get him here let's just copy and let's come here and paste it.
Space info at complete W.P. course dot com.
OK.
You can see everything is up and running.
Our phone number is coming.
And this is how our Web site is looking.
I'm going to go back right now.
And I'm here we have the social.
So if you want social links you can also add them to Twitter and Facebook.
OK.
And nothing else you can see this should be coming here as well.
Here we go.
Now what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here and we have the social links or social links Hoover
and everything.
We can design them as well so let's just go back.
Let's just go to general right here.
Let's design this one.
So I need the full black background color.
So for this I need it to be full bark plaque.
OK.
And the border color should be none.
So I just needed to be like 0 percent.
So we don't need any of the water.
OK.
The Texas governor is going to be white or now the Linkletter's so my lane color is going to be in.
We don't have anything so we don't have to work that out.
OK.
I'm going to go back right now and I want to go to social so social I want to just change the social
and color some social colors are going to be blue.
OK.
Let's choose it to be like
I want it to be white away and I want to Linkletter's to be blue.
So that's just putting my mouse here and you can see how it is so we can also make the full block so
if I bring them out here you can see this is changing to block.
Nothing is appearing.
So it looks amazing.
Everything is totally looking awesome and we're done with this.
I'm going to go back right now.
I'm going to go back again.
And I want to get into the head right now so we have to design the header as well.
OK.
I want to go to General and we have the Hill style so you guys already know about this hairstyle.
I don't have to explain a thing.
I have the bathroom color and butter bought them Gelert.
So I want to change the background color and this is going to be a bit of great and wonderful but a
bit of CCRI
cool.
Now here I want to go back.
Then we have the head of media.
So my header media is going to be this is.
OK.
I don't want to add any of the header media.
You can add the before video if you want to in the header but it looks cheap guys.
OK.
So I want to go to lobal Ray here.
You can add a logo.
OK.
I want the colors to be white.
So since I'm not adding a little let's just add a logo.
I'm going to and when I had a select file I want to go to.
Let's come here.
Let's come here to logo.
Alex licked the logo.
So I'm just going to select this one right here and there should be applauded.
And let's just head select.
See you can see this is going to be selected.
I want to crop it right now so that it looks good on my side as well.
OK cropped image.
So this will be uploaded right now.
Here we go.
No.
OK.
Wait we have to wait something so he can see everything is up and running.
This law does not appear you can see if he has chosen the wrong color.
That is why this little boy is not looking so I wonder how much of it.
So my max with is going to be
one for and the next day will be this all be on these guys.
You can choose it to be anything but I think it looks great.
OK.
And I can see this logo is visible and the menu size is also OK.
I'm going to go back right now and I want to go to the menu.
So let's design the menu.
Let's just come here and we need to change the color to white.
So it looks good about a bit gray.
OK.
Here I the one color on Hoovers So it's blue and it looks good.
I want to go to the link current color menu item when background slingback chrome should be fine.
OK.
And Bactrim Hoovers so you can also apply Dilling background where if you just bring them out here you
can see how this is.
And I think I kind of like this one right here just because it looks cray.
So I'm going to go with this one going back from Hoover.
Ailing back from current menu item No.
So then we have the dropdown styling.
We don't have any of the dropdown menu so I'm not going to go with this but you guys already know about
it.
So I'm just going to do everything bit fast so I'm going to hit publish right now and again see everything
looks great.
I'm going to go back and have the social menu the mobo menu so we don't want to work for them.
OK you can see our reps say header and footer.
Everything is ready.
OK.
And now we don't have to do anything.
We have some settings that is calmer and she can see General we have the manual cart OK.
We have the archives.
OK.
And then we also have the single case and this is how we can change them.
And then we also have the advance dining so we can also manage it.
But we will be working with them later on when we will design everything so stadium guys and in the
next video will designer home page.
OK.
And then we'll be working over the designing of her commerce site so stadium guys and by the.